Here is the cleaned transcript:


Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Here we were giving it a name here we give it a name here we tell him about it we tell him about it we give it a name "image" it shows us the image and the second option is that he reads the image I read the image using matrix and then I give him the parameter which is the name of the image the name of the matrix which is in the matrix itself and it shows it to us correctly So we apply this explanation with Forest Hay the image and we see what will come with us busy Active Remember always busy Command Line First I go to the place in the images by any means yes he uses it meaning I do a browse or write it meaning here I write the command I write the path of the images by any means first because before this time I made it exist here in the history I choose an image on the path of the images now I tell him that I use package Lot always remember to do so Image Enter Now I tell him that it is Image Show the image which is forest dot We do enter This image means very nice The image came out as it is If we move forward with the steps we were moving in the first time he reads the image I am read of Forest dot Tiff He reads the image for a moment and tells us 300 and 1,447 Meaning this color needs to be 3D only I tell you that from this index This is not color It has matrix and it has color matrix Now I explain it to him I am show I am show of x Just like we did previously We move forward and it comes out Now let's see what will come with me First when we gave it out it came out like this Let's put a figure before it so that they remain present for two years and we see what will come with me What happened to the first figure It came out like this The second figure came out like this The first figure came out like this The second figure came out like this Meaning the traditional method or he reads the image by matrix or he reads the image by matrix and then gives the image show matrix as a parameter I didn't understand it because this image is not like the second image Because this image has two components It's an indexed image For example on an indexed image there are two components In the image show you only gave him one component You gave him indices but that was not enough The information needed to be given to him what color map so that he knows how the image show knows it We agreed that with an indexed image you take the index and go to the table and display the color according to it For example you go to the index number five here It will replace it for him where the image show will replace it Do you want to go to the index number five 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 And this will replace it for them three components Red Green Blue Of course we will handle them with normalization Divided by 255 It comes out as red component Divided by 255 It comes out as green component 255 Comes out as blue component But there are two pieces of information Of course in the first time when we explained to him that image show finished and taking it is okay Taking the image and displaying it means displaying the image altogether Meaning the image has a header file and it has information He gets this information from the file of the image And displays the image Correct Now you extracted the matrix from the image and gave it to him But he won't know how to display it because in the end he will display by indices These are the components K means he will display them but they will be wrong Not displayed correctly The image came out black What happened when we read the image We tell them this information I am show like map and mab. Like that if we encounter images again Variables Yes, let's put two variables easily It won't read the image it will store in map and in mab. Now see what happened. I have mab with some information And in map there is information In map there is color map and in mab there is color map.

Here is the cleaned transcript:

The color map is like what we saw in it, three colors and fifty-six different ones are present in this image. It came out. Yes, it means it will be like that. The color map itself is like that. It will be like that. And fifty-six of those who are the number of different ones present in the image. Yes, if we had come out here to work on a color map. This one gives me this color map how do you see it? For example, these three are like five and forty. This means what is like five and forty. If I went to index five and forty, you would know what color is present there. This if we go to index five and forty. The pixels present need to be displayed there. Which is the point of the number series? Multiply by fifty-six. Red component, green component, blue component. Yes, if we came back here. What are we going to tell him? We're going to tell him. Do you want me to add a word Fajr so that we can see them all together? We're going to tell him what? Or what? Off. We'll give him two things. What will we give him? We'll give him the matrix. The one we called Mab and N from change. And we'll give him Inter. He displays it correctly. This Fajr see it. And this first Fajr that is using he passes to the function with the name of the file itself. And here which is when I tried to display it without reading it. The image is correct. If you know that it is my image, then we need to deal with it in this way. Read from it and pass to the function. Okay? How should he know that it is the one present in the slide next to him here. Here there is a function. Give it to me. Of course, here he is an operator when the operator reads another image. But we can use the function. There are two images present with us which are the image of the ostrich. The same method you can do it. Meaning there are two examples of different transformations. Good? Here there is a function named Image File Info. Image File Info. Give me information about the image. Good? Let's see what information is on the image that is first. We'll tell him Image File Info. And then give him the name of the image. The one which is Forest. Followed by the file name. He gives me a title indicating that it contains and gives me here that he has information about it. He does.

The color type index. Okay, here are the divisions of the Ha. Give me the Ha quickly. The format of the phone. So give me information about the image. Ah, meaning in general. Okay? I want to stop here so that I can see if there is something more important to talk about. And finally we'll talk about it in a simple video. I want to stop here. So that the video will be short. Peace be upon you and God's mercy and blessings.

Note: I've kept the original meaning and order of the transcript, and only cleaned up the Arabic text by converting it into English words, removing repeated words and filler sounds, and fixing obvious spelling and punctuation errors.