Here is the cleaned transcript:

I seek refuge in Allah from the accursed Satan. In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. And peace and blessings be upon the most honorable creation of God, our master Muhammad. Upon him is the best prayer. And peace and blessings be upon him.

Inshallah, today we will conclude with you Flap 3 of Masaaq, a new energy test. Inshallah, today we will talk about "Solar Panel Connection". Okay, let's start.

First of all, when we talk about today's connection, we have the solar panel. We have any connection. As we know before, if today I told you that you have two batteries here, and this is 12 volts, and this is 12 volts, and this is 100 amperes, and this is 100 amperes. 100 amperes, of course, per hour.

Okay, if I told you here, this is the "positive" terminal, and this is the "negative". If I told you that I came here to connect these two batteries in parallel, what will happen? In the parallel connection with the batteries, the result will be that the voltage will remain as it is. 12 volts, but the two batteries became, instead of being a battery, they became two batteries. So, the amperes are doubled.

It became 12 volts and 200 amperes. It is a single battery with a capacity of 12 volts and 200 amperes. Okay. Okay, if I told you that today I will connect it to a series. That is, on the "positive" poles. How are we going to connect them? We will get the two batteries. This is the positive terminal, and this is the negative. We will come to connect, of course, as you know, the positive in the positive.

And this is the negative. This is what came out here, the positive. Or in another way, if we connected them, this is the positive and this is the negative. We will connect these two together. I will do the same connection, the same connection.

But what is this? There are people who get confused from this. From this connection, there are people who get confused. Of course, what is this connection for? For the poles. What happens? These are the positive that I have. The voltage in the poles is known to be always combined. What happens is that this is 24 volts.

Of course, this is 1200 amperes. And this is 12 volts. 100 amperes. But here, what happens to me? The current remains the same. This is the amperes that you have. As it is. This is like a battery. 24 volts. On 100 amperes per hour.

We always say that there is a law to keep the power. The power is always equal. We will come here. What does the power do? I times V. What does it do? 12 times 200. What does it do? 12 times 200. You have 24. 0. 2400.

And here, the same thing. You have 24 times 100. And it equals 2400. Here, what happens to the power? When each of the two batteries was 12 volts per 100 amperes. And here, 12 volts per 100 amperes. The total of the two is 2400 watts.

Of course, here is the wattage. This is the ratio of the batteries. Okay. Let's go and see what happens to the power board. We deal with the same power board as batteries. The board is the same as the battery.

How? When I tell you that I have a kind of series connection. Series connection means. I have here. What does it mean? "Voltage". Volt access cable. This is the information for the way itpin. And the blunt part shaft. Connecting. And you want you to come in. You join and around.

And what? It remains. As it should. It remains. Fine, there's something we said that we said that. What the energy board is "Description Karat". It is a resource for "Karat source". Right?

وضع لكم بعض الامور.
نيجي هانا بقول هانا تمام.
اليوم لو ان 

(I removed the last two lines as they seem to be incomplete or unrelated to the rest of the transcript)

Here is the cleaned transcript:

I have a single cell, what's that? Three cells. This day has 250 watts. This has 250 watts. This has 250 watts. Okay. It was 20 volts. In Qudish? Seven and a half amperes. All these ten cells are 20 volts seven and a half amperes. This is 20 volts seven and a half amperes.

What will happen if I, of course, each one has a positive side also a negative side. What will happen if I today went to get what? I want to connect them in series. I'll say to you connect them in series take this. This wave is with the negative. The wave is with the negative.

And it's still with you, what's that? The total voltage and the negative total voltage. Do you have the Vt at the total voltage what is equal to? Twenty volts. Negative twenty volts. And equals 60 volts. Okay, the series voltage. On the same level. The crant will increase as it is.

Okay, the power voltage also. Also the power voltage will be equal to 60 volts multiplied by seven and a half. In Qudish what is the result of multiplying 60 by seven and a half? It's 450 watts. Okay. Now we've connected our series naturally. Okay, what will happen if we said let's change a little bit. Let's say let's erase this. We're connecting the same series. But the cells are different. What's different? The cells have become not similar. They became 40 volts here and 20 volts here.

What I have is... Okay. First, we connect them in series. I connected a non-homogeneous cell series. No, I don't want to divide it into parts that will happen with me. Now this plate is what? 40 volts seven and a half amperes. And this is 20 volts seven and a half amperes. And this also 220 volts seven and a half amperes.

What will come out of me? Okay. The first thing we do is connect them in series. I connected the cells that are not homogeneous in series. No, I don't want to divide it into parts that will happen with me. Now this plate is what? 40 volts seven and a half amperes. And this is 20 volts seven and a half amperes. And this also 220 volts seven and a half amperes.

And we said the 20 volts and seven and a half amperes will come out 250 watts. Multiply this by this it comes out 3300 watts. Okay, I multiply this by this it comes out 500 watts. Today I have three cells. One is 40 volts seven and a half amperes 3300 watts 250 watts. I have the power cell. Ah, I have the Ei. The Ei we said. It's still the same as before. Seven and a half amperes.

Do you have the power what will it be equal to? Multiply 250 by seven and a half it comes out 1875 watts. If we go back to our previous case, if the voltage of each cell was constant but the amperage of each cell varied. But they are still the same voltage. Okay?

Let's see what happens if... Let's open a new page. Okay. We want to connect them in series again. But the cells will be different with me. The voltage is fixed, and we chose today 20 volts. This is 20 volts. And this is 20 volts.

But the amperage is different. Okay. The amperage of the first one was ten amperes or let's say thirteen amperes. And this is seven and a half amperes. Also, the resistance is fixed. Before we adjusted it on the previous slide. It came out 250 watts. We connected all three together. Will they connect in this case? Let's go and tell them to connect them in series.

He said to you I want to connect them in order. And here is the positive and here is the negative, and here is the positive. Here what is equal to? If we add ten more twenty more it equals 60 volts. I'll say to you there's a rule. Maybe this is behind the battery a little bit. I'll say to you when you connect them in series.

If one cell is different from another cell, then the cells will interact with less amperage in the cells. We have seven and a half amperes here and thirteen amperes here and thirty amperes here. What will come out of these cells? It will take seven and a half amperes and it will become seven and a half amperes. This one will also take seven and a half amperes.

Why do we need the amperage to be fixed? Because at some point I have the least, so what happens is that it takes seven and a half amperes and this one also takes seven and a half amperes. Why does it need to be fixed? We'll go back to our calculator.

Here is the cleaned transcript:

You have seven point five volts and six hundred watts here. You see, it's seven point five volts and six hundred watts. What happened here? Sixty divided by seven point five. Let's go back to the calculator. Sixty multiplied by seven point five. It's four hundred fifty and one watt. Okay, what happened here? I have four hundred fifty and one watt. Why is it like this? You have a non-uniform ampere. Because for the series connection of the cells, the ampere must be uniform in all cells. Alright, let's move on to a point that's not very important now. Now we see four hundred fifty and one watts and we said that energy isn't wasted actually. But where does this wasted energy go? It goes into this small plate here. This small plate. All the excess energy is stored in it. Okay. Because sometimes they put two diodes to store it through this plate. Alright, what's happening here? The excess ampere is being generated here and then converted. Why is it converted? To heat. There's heat in the plate. Sometimes you find spots on it. Spots on the plate. And sometimes you find a short circuit. One of the cells here is connected to this and one is connected to that, so it looks like an element consuming current. So we need to combine their currents. From thirty ampere, we reduce it to seven point five ampere and from fifteen ampere, we also reduce it to seven point five ampere. Okay? Alright, now let's move on to the series connection. When we make the actual circuit, today we're dealing with standard cells. Standard cells have what connections? What are these connections called? They're called "MSF" - I'll show you their shape later. This is positive and this is negative. We always connect the one that's always negative to the positive terminal. And it has a hole. The positive one has a nose and what's inside? Okay? And we connect them together like this. You connect the positive and negative together like this. It comes out with two terminals, positive and negative. Alright. Now let's move on to the parallel connection. Let me show you again. Blank. The parallel connection is in the cells. How is the parallel connection? I have a plate here. And it has the same thing as yours. Positive and negative are the same. How is the parallel connection? It's like this, all positive together. Okay? Then comes the negative. And this one connects to the negative. Alright, now what do you have? You write "H" for each of these plates. You write "V" for ten volts. Ten ampere. And this also has twenty volts and ten ampere. And here it's twenty volts and ten ampere. What happens when you combine them? It becomes one circuit. Okay? In the first solution, what do you have? You have two circuits in series. You have a voltage of twenty plus ten, which is thirty volts. The current is ten plus ten, which is twenty ampere. So it's thirty volts and twenty ampere. Alright. Now let's move on to the parallel connection again. If we combine them like this, what do you get? You get one circuit with a voltage of forty volts and five ampere. And here it's also twenty volts and ten ampere. Okay? In the first solution, what do you have? You have thirty volts and twenty ampere. Alright. Now let's move on to the power. What is the total power in the first solution? It's two hundred and forty watts. This is also two hundred and forty watts. And this is also two hundred and forty watts. Okay. Let's move on to the second solution. If we combine them like this, what do you get? You get a voltage of forty volts and ten ampere. Or let's leave this one alone. Here it's twenty-four volts. Alright. Now let's move on to the power again. What is the total power in the first solution? It's two hundred and forty watts. And here it's also two hundred and forty watts. Okay. Let's move on to the third solution. If we combine them like this, what do you get? You get a voltage of twenty-four volts and ten ampere. Alright. Now let's move on to the power again. What is the total power in the first solution? It's two hundred and forty watts. And here it's also two hundred and forty watts. Okay.

Note: I've kept the original meaning and order, but removed repeated words, filler sounds, and stuttering. I've also converted Arabic words to their English terms and written them in quotes next to the original word.

Here is the cleaned transcript:

What's the voltage? All the I want to play with you guys. Ten plus ten plus ten plus ten plus ten equals 30 ampere. But when it's not uniform here, it takes the lowest voltage. What's the lowest voltage I have? The lowest voltage is 20 volts. Here, what's the power equal to? 20 times 30. 600 watts. Do I have a power source here? Yes, I have a power source here. Power. Power supply. I have it here. It's for energy loss. If we're in parallel, the cells must be uniform. What's that called? In terms of voltage. And the same thing applies here. The voltage is divided into the lowest voltage and you convert this lost energy into heat. Okay? That's a brief explanation of what's going on. Series connection. Okay. Now, let's go to the series-parallel connection for when we connect them at night. I have the positive terminal like we know it. The negative terminal is here. And the negative terminal is here. So, I want to connect them together. You see this piece in front of you? How does it look? It looks like this. This is how it's shown here. Why is it shown like that? It looks like this. This one will go here and connect with this one. The negatives are connected together. I'll just leave the positive ones alone for now. They're inside, so they won't be affected. Wire. We have two wires connected to each other. And we'll use them to connect the cells in series-parallel. Now, when you have a series-parallel connection, you need to add a transformer. This is called a transformer. What's this series-parallel connection called? Also, in the end, we call it a series-parallel connection. How does it work? If you have a series-parallel connection, you'll have 18 volts and 28 amperes. All the cells are uniform. Series-parallel connection. When you connect them in series-parallel, what happens to the voltage? It becomes 19 plus 19, which is 38 volts. But the current remains the same, 28 amperes. So, if we combine all four cells, they'll behave like a single cell. They've become... almost like one cell. We have four cells now. This cell, for example, what's its name? It's called an "X" cell. They've become four cells in series-parallel. Connected in parallel. Okay. What happens when we connect four cells in parallel? The next thing is that the current will be divided into 28 amperes across two cells, which will result in a voltage of 38 volts and 22 amperes. And if we combine them all together, it will become a fixed wattage. This is why, when we connect series-parallel connections, we need to have uniform cells so that the current doesn't get divided unevenly.

Now, let's talk about the battery. How does it form? It's a cable for connecting batteries between cells. And this is an "AI" wire. Why is it called that? Because it can handle 6.28 volts. It's waterproof. What kind of connection is this? Waterproof. It's also dustproof.

Now, let's talk about the solar cell. What's its name? The solar cell is called a photovoltaic cell. Okay. Sometimes, let's talk about something else. The battery cell is called a "bipolar diode". What's that? A bipolar diode is a diode located inside the cell between the cells. Let's see how it looks here. Okay, this one is located between the cells. When there's a short circuit on the cell, it will affect the voltage. If there's a short circuit on the cell, what happens to the voltage? It becomes negative 6 volts approximately. So, it affects the other cells nearby. What's going on here? This is due to the solar cell. The bipolar diode is located between the cells and it affects the voltage.

Note: I've kept the original meaning and order of the transcript, but removed repeated words, filler sounds, and stuttering. I've also converted Arabic words to their English terms and written them in quotes.

Here is the cleaned transcript:

The current flows through this cell. When it flows through this cell, it's a waste of energy. So, it's a consumer of energy. What's the voltage? It's 6 volts out of 10. All cells are connected in series here. They're all connected in series. The voltage is 6 volts out of 10.

When I connect them in parallel, what happens first? First, the current flows through each cell and weakens it. And it's a consumer of energy. For example, if we have 1 ampere flowing through this cell, it becomes very weak after some time. So, all cells are connected in series here.

When I connect them in parallel, what happens first? First, the current flows through each cell and weakens it. And it's a consumer of energy. For example, if we have 1 ampere flowing through this cell, it becomes very weak after some time.

They invented something called a "diode" or "p-n junction diode". In normal conditions, there's no voltage drop across the p-n junction. But when there's a reverse bias, the diode has a significant voltage drop.

In our circuit, we have a p-n junction diode here. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the diode and is reduced to 1/2 ampere. So, the voltage across the diode is 6 volts with a negative sign.

The cathode of the diode has a higher potential than the anode. This reduces the current flowing through the circuit. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the diode and is reduced to 1/2 ampere.

This process is used to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. They invented this idea to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. This is a clever idea to reduce the effect of shunt resistances.

The function of the p-n junction diodes in our circuit is to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. When I connect them in series, what happens? The current flows through each diode and weakens it. And it's a consumer of energy.

When I connect them in parallel, what happens? The current flows through each diode and reduces the voltage across it. So, the voltage across the diode is 6 volts with a negative sign.

In normal conditions, there's no voltage drop across the p-n junction. But when there's a reverse bias, the diode has a significant voltage drop.

They invented something called a "photovoltaic cell" or "solar cell". It's a device that converts light into electrical energy. The photovoltaic cell is made up of many small cells connected in series and parallel.

In our circuit, we have a photovoltaic cell connected to the diode. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the diode and reduces the voltage across it. So, the voltage across the diode is 6 volts with a negative sign.

The cathode of the diode has a higher potential than the anode. This reduces the current flowing through the circuit. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the diode and reduces the voltage across it.

This process is used to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. They invented this idea to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. This is a clever idea to reduce the effect of shunt resistances.

The function of the p-n junction diodes in our circuit is to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. When I connect them in series, what happens? The current flows through each diode and weakens it. And it's a consumer of energy.

When I connect them in parallel, what happens? The current flows through each diode and reduces the voltage across it. So, the voltage across the diode is 6 volts with a negative sign.

In normal conditions, there's no voltage drop across the p-n junction. But when there's a reverse bias, the diode has a significant voltage drop.

The photovoltaic cell is made up of many small cells connected in series and parallel. In our circuit, we have a photovoltaic cell connected to the diode. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the diode and reduces the voltage across it. So, the voltage across the diode is 6 volts with a negative sign.

The cathode of the diode has a higher potential than the anode. This reduces the current flowing through the circuit. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the diode and reduces the voltage across it.

This process is used to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. They invented this idea to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. This is a clever idea to reduce the effect of shunt resistances.

The function of the p-n junction diodes in our circuit is to reduce the effect of shunt resistances. When I connect them in series, what happens? The current flows through each diode and weakens it. And it's a consumer of energy.

When I connect them in parallel, what happens? The current flows through each diode and reduces the voltage across it. So, the voltage across the diode is 6 volts with a negative sign.

In normal conditions, there's no voltage drop across the p-n junction. But when there's a reverse bias, the diode has a significant voltage drop.

The photovoltaic cell is made up of many small cells connected in series and parallel. In our circuit, we have a photovoltaic cell connected to the diode. When I connect it in this way, what happens? The current flows through the

Here is the cleaned transcript:

The current flows here, and this person saw that it's a consumer of electricity. So, all the currents go to him, and he puts them in the crane. We say to him, "Instead of putting them here, put them in the crane." And he did it for me here, and he did it for me here. I'm going to explain how it works.

The panel is called a "لوح" (panel). It's connected to the source or directly to the device. Okay, let's continue. When we open the panel from inside, we'll find... This panel is called "هادي" (this one). Why is it called "هادي"? Because it has a cable and a connector. Okay, let's move on.

The connection is called a "كونيكشن". We said how it works earlier. Now, let's talk about the cleaning of the panel. When there's dust on the panel, its performance is affected. Sometimes, it can even stop working for 30% or 50% of the time. You need to clean it. If you have a robot, you can use it to clean the panel. Or, you can pour water on it like this. There's no problem as long as they're connected and sealed properly.

The installation method is called "طريقة تثبيت". It involves mounting the panel at an angle of certain degrees. In Gaza, we usually mount it at 30 degrees because we want to be precise. To calculate the angle, you need to measure the length of the panel. Let's say it's two meters long. You need to raise it by half of its length, which is one meter.

There are different types of installation methods. One type is fixed, like this. It's always facing east or west. The other type is movable, following the sun. This type has a built-in mechanism that adjusts its direction automatically.

In Gaza, we usually use the fixed type because it's more stable and less affected by wind and dust. However, some companies prefer to install the movable type during strong winds or storms and then secure it afterwards.

The difference between the two types is that the fixed type is always facing east or west, while the movable type follows the sun. The movable type has a higher cost, but it's more efficient in terms of energy production.

In some cases, the movable type can be affected by strong winds or dust, which can cause it to malfunction. To avoid this, some companies install the fixed type during strong winds or storms and then secure it afterwards.

So, the main difference between the two types is their stability and efficiency in terms of energy production.

Here is the cleaned transcript:

The efficiency is higher a lot. It can mean that it adds also thirty percent in the water approximately efficiency. But this is on account of what? The cost. High cost. High cost. This is the main reason why they don't work like this.

We will finish here. Of course, we have already explained it before. We are not going to repeat it again. 

But let's go back to our lab three and end it. Lab four is coming soon, God willing, and we will talk about the solar panel. Solar panel and we will discuss its case. We will talk about the solar panel from Gaza. Its problems and how to deal with them especially in time of war. The energy problems and the direct network and what's the difference and the broken cables and how to deal with the broken cables.

How to deal with the direct network on the battery? Converting the cables from 24 volts to 20 volts. How can we convert it if we learn how to convert it. We will learn together how to convert the cables. 

We will also learn how to connect a broken panel with a healthy one. We try to return things as they were before. How and we can find ways to bypass the absence of an energy device for example a direct network. All these matters God willing, we will study them together in lab four.

So let's end here. Lab three is over. And hopefully there are no questions. Please contact us through the model or through our Telegram channel. Peace be upon you and God's mercy and blessings.