Assalamu alaikum dear viewers. We will start now with the transport LayerAs we promised you from the beginning. We will now move on to the slides. I will share them now. As you can see, this is the beginning of the Chapter. Transport Layer. One of the goals of the chapter is to learn about multiplexing. It is multiplexing, flow control, congestion control. And to learn about UDP and TCP. The Transport Layer is a logical communication. As you can see, any two devices communicate with each other. For the Transport Layer, when we work on it, we call it an end-to-end protocol. Any protocol in the Transport Layer is called an end-to-end protocol. Because the Transport Layer does not exist on the core system, which is on the routers. The router does not have a Transport Layer. But on the other hand, I can tell you that some routers have a Transport Layer. In this case, it is called a Gateway, or a Transport Gateway. But the router, in its natural concept, only has a Network Layer. It does not have a Transport Layer. So, all these protocols that we call them, those in Transport, such as UDP and TCP, and those in the application, such as HTTP and SMTP, we call them end-to-end protocols. Okay, for the Transport Layer, what does it transmit? It is the Segment. Its message unit is the Segment. And it transmits through the Segment. Let's see what the sender does and what the receiver does. The sender breaks the application layer messages into segments. So, it transmits the message that comes from Facebook or any other email application. It transmits it to segments, even if it is a large message. And it transmits it to small segments. Of course, later we will see that each segment is encapsulated inside a packet. Inside the whole IP packet. But now we know that it is divided into segments. And what happens to the Receive Side? Of course, when the message is sent, it is sent logically. It is from the Transport to the Transport. That is, TCP to this device and TCP to this device. But physically, or actually, what happens is that it is delivered to the IP, to the bottom of the Network Layer in the IP Protocol. It is encapsulated in the IP. Then in the Data Link Frame. Then physically as an IP. It is sent to Bits and Signals. And here it becomes the opposite. It is from Signals, it turns into a Frame. Then it turns into an IP Packet. Then the IP Packet is decapsulated. And the segment that was sent comes out of it. A little while ago from TCP or UDP in the Transport Layer from it. Okay. More than one transport protocol available. Of course, we have TCP and we have UDP. And we have some special protocols in the network. For example, Apple or other companies have some protocols. But of course, we always care about this book and this article. Which is the Internet as a Case Study. The protocols we use on the Internet are UDP and TCP. They are the ones we focus on. Transport Layer Services and the Protocols Provide Logical Communication. We said it has similar segments. Let's see the next slide. Transport Layer and Logical Communication. Of course, we know that it is Logical Communication. Between what? The Transport Layer. Between Processes. The Processes that we know from the Operating System. Which Process? The Program and the Execution. They are the same Process. Meaning the Program. It is the communication between the Programs. It may be between Facebook with Facebook. It may be between Email with Email. And so on. In the case of Transport, it is Process with Process. But in the case of the Network Layer, which is the IP, What is it? It is between Hosts. Logical Communication between Hosts. So it is a computer device with a computer device. The Network. But here, it is a Program with a Program. Process with Process. Internet Transport Layer Protocols. What do we have? We have TCP and UDP. Now we know. TCP, we said it is Reliable. It means it has Acknowledgement. And we said it has In-Order Delivery. Meaning it has a Sequence Number. It completes the Sequence Number and organizes the Order. It has good capabilities. It has Congestion Control. It has Flow Control. And it has Connection Setup. We will get to them in a while. As for UDP, we consider it as Reliable. Unreliable. This is Connection Oriented. And Reliable. But this is Unreliable. And Unordered Delivery. Meaning it has no Acknowledgement. And it has no Sequence Number. Okay. And it says No Frills. No Extensions. It doesn't have any Add-ons. No more Add-ons. And we call it Best Effort. It is the only one that excels. Best Effort. This is usually a term for IP. IP is always called Best Effort. So it is No Frills. Extension of Best Effort. It doesn't have any Add-ons from IP. It just connects to IP. No more. Who is this? This is UDP. Okay. Services Not Available. Neither from UDP nor from TCT. Who are the Not Available? They are Delay Guarantees. And Bandwidth Guarantees. So, They don't give us any guarantees on Maximum Delay. Which we can rely on. Or on the Bandwidth Minimum. Which may not decrease the connection. They don't give us this. But, As I said once in our lectures. There are new services in the Application Layer. We call them Integrated Services. And Differentiated Services. These are in the Application Layer. And through them, these two things are provided. We finished this session. Today, We will end the lecture from this point. And move on to the next one.