There is no reason for us not to watch Captain Majid or Shabah, the anime that broke the world and we were all following it with passion. But who would have thought that the country that produced the best cartoon works about the ball and was the cause of the love of many of us for this game, would actually be a country whose all information about the ball is distorted. This is not to mention that the Japanese tournament was originally held for the first time in 1993. Despite this, they were able to qualify for the French World Cup in 1998. Unfortunately, as expected, their participation was at the peak of frustration, and they lost three matches in a row from Argentina, Croatia, and Jamaica. This participation was the pain that overwhelmed them and made them understand that they were so far from the real ball. And from here, Japan decided that there had to be a radical change in order for them to be one of the biggest teams in the world and win the World Cup. And let us know the story. On January 1, 2005, the Japanese Federation published a historical document known as the Japanese Federation Announcement of the 2005 Japanese Federation. And its slogan was a dream, a courage to achieve. This document was not just an editorial book. This was a map of the way that was precise and bold. It defines the ideal situation that the country is in. And the country must reach it. And then they work the other way around in order to determine the steps required to reach this situation. This advertisement is a clear text on something called the 2050 agreement. And the system is obliged to have two goals together by the end of the year 2050. Expansion of the Jamaican base. They reach 10 million active members, something they call the football family in Japan. Promoters, players, coaches, and leaders. The biggest goal is to win the World Cup in Japan. And to beat the Japanese national team in the championship. The Japanese leadership was well aware that winning the World Cup is impossible in terms of sport without a huge social and economic base to ensure the continuous supply of talents and money. And so that this is not just a dream, they divided the project into plans that were being evaluated carefully. The first station was Mithoq 2015. And when they evaluated it, they found that they succeeded in the street and reached 5.2 million members. But they admitted with utmost transparency that they failed to enter the list of the best ten elections in the world. In the last few years, Japan has entered another level. The level of data. They launched a platform called JFA Passport. And this is a digital file for anyone who is involved in football. The player, from when he was a small child, records. He records his development, his level, his injuries, his transfers. So Japan has now been able to follow the player's journey from the moment he touches the ball. So Japan has now been able to follow the player's journey from the moment he touches the ball. So Japan has now been able to follow the player's journey from the moment he touches the ball. So Japan has now been able to follow the player's journey from the moment he touches the ball. Not only that, they have a complete philosophy called Japan's Way. And it says that success requires four elements to work together. A strong team. Developing the generations. Training at a global level. A huge popular base. If only one thing falls, the system will be affected. They are not waiting for this generation to come by chance. They are building an operating production machine that does not stop. The flexibility of the Japanese is terrifying. There is a historical decision. The In order to facilitate their recognition of their players in Europe. And to stop the time bomb until the new season. They held a special tournament called . But the big surprise was in changing the rules of the game in this tournament. They lost all balance. لو الماتش خلص تعادل بيدخلوا على ضربات الجزاء على طول من غير وقت إضافي ونظام النقط بقى كالتالي الفوز في الوقت الأصلي 3 نقط الفوز بضربات الجزاء نقطتين الخسارة بضربات الجزاء نقطة واحدة الخسارة في الوقت الأصلي صفر القرار ده تعمل مخصوص عشان يعالج نقطة الضعف القاتلة للمنتخب وهي عقد الضربات الجزاء اللي خلتهم يخرجوا من مونديال 2010 قدام براجوي و2022 قدام كرواتيا جابوا خبر علم نفس رياضي واكتشفوا أن اللعيبة كانت مرعوبة ومستنزفة ذهنيا فقرروا يحولوا دوري 2026 لمختبر نفسي يجبروا فيه اللعيبة تواجه ضغط ضربات الجزاء كل أسبوع عشان يبنوا عندهم ذاكرة عضلية وعصبية تتحمل الضغط في مونديال 2018 اليابان صدمت العالم وتقدمت 2-0 على بلجيكا بس في الـ D94 عملوا غلطة تيكتيكية سازجة واللعيبة كلها طلعت لقدام عشان تكسب كورتوا مسك الكورة وعمل مرتدة في 14 ثانية بالزبط خلصت بهدف ناصر الشازلي الخسارة دي خلتهم يعملوا فيلم وصائقي اسمه 14 ثانية فرستوف شرحوا فيه كل حركة غلطة عملت ومع التطور التيكتيكي اكتشفوا عائق ثقافي بيعطلهم الثقافة اليابانية بتقدس حاجة اسمها الوا يعني الانسجام والعمل الجديد والجماعي والبعد عن الانانية ده بيخلي اللعيب الياباني جندي ممتاز بس بيفتقد الوحشية لما يحتاج يبقى مهاجم اناني ياخد قرار التسديد عشان يحلوا المشكلة دي وزي ما استخدموا كابتن ماجد زمين دعموا شراكة رسمية مع انيمي ومانجا بلولوك الانيمي ده فكرة كلها قائمة على تدمير فكرة العمل الجماعي للمهاجمين وزرع الانانية المطلقة والغرور الرياضي قدام الجن اليابان حرفيا وظفت ثقافة البوب بوب كالتشر دماغ الجيل الجديد عشان اللعيب الياباني بيعاني من الصدمة الثقافية وفرق اللياقة لما بيحترف دايريكت الاوروبا شركات يابانية اشترت نادي سينت ترويدن البلجيكي وحولته البيئة اليابانية بالكامل في قلب اوروبا النادي ده بقى بوابة عبور بتستقبل اللعيبة وتهيأهم نفسيا وبدنيا وهو اللي طلع نجوم زي تومياسو وغطارو اندو كمان استصمروا جامد في علم البيانات واجهز التتبع الاداء زي الجي بي اس اللي بترصد حركة اللعيب بالثانية عشان يتوقعوا الاصابات العضلية ويمنعوها قبل ما تحصل ده غير ان الاحصائيات بتقول ان طول الشاب الياباني زاد اكتر من 10 سنتي في العقود الاخيرة وده مش بس بسبب الاقتصاد لكن كمان بفضل شرقات الاتحاد الياباني مع شركات تغذية متطورة بتصمم احماض امينية ومكملات مخصوصة للعيبة النخبة في النهاية لما تبص على المشوار الياباني كله من 2005 لغاية خطط 2026 هتتأكد ان طموحهم في الفوز بكاس العالم 2050 وبناء منتخب ما يتقهرش اكبر بكتير من مجرد حلم فهل يطرى ممكن نشوف اليابان بترفع كاس العالم في يوم من الايام؟