Bismالله الرحمة الله الرحمن الرحيم In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful. We hope that everyone understands it. So search on the internet and see how this solution works for peer-to-peer applications in the case of the internet. We now move on to a new topic, which is ICMP. Internet Control Message Protocol. This protocol, each message in it consists of a type, code, and the first 8 bytes of the IP that caused the problem. In other words, it is made like messages between the host and the routers to see what problems occur. For example, error reporting, unreachable host, unreachable network, unreachable port, or protocol. These things, or echo request, echo reply, which is ping. As you know, the network layer consists of a set of protocols inside it. One of them is the IP. But in the previous drawing, if you remember, we saw that above the IP is the ICMP. The ICMP is above the IP. Why? Because we encapsulate it inside the IP. How? Just as the IP carries TCP, or it can carry UDP, the IP can also carry the ICMP message. Yes. The ICMP message, as we said, consists of a type, a code, and 8 bytes. And 8 bytes of IP datagram causing error. This is what it carries. These are some examples of ICMP messages. Let's see, for example, this echo reply is type 0 and code 0. Each type has a code. Type 3, for example, code 0 is destination, network, unreachable. But if type 3 is code 1, which is host, unreachable. Code 2, protocol, unreachable. Code 3, from type 3. Take note. Code 3 is port, unreachable. Destination port, unreachable. That is, it reached the target, the device, the IP, and everything was fine. But this port is not present. Okay? These are other things. We would like to see 11.0. What does 11.0 mean? So, type 11, code 0, is TTL expired. So, what happened to TTL? Time to live. Time to live, we said. And it does not take time. Its value is not time. But its value is the number of hops. Each time we pass a hop, that is, on a router, we subtract one value. We put, for example, the value of 5. So, if we pass the first router, it becomes 4. If we pass the next router, it becomes 3, and so on. It keeps going down. When it becomes 0, it does not complete. Okay. There is the last one. Bad IP header. Okay. Let's see how the trace route and ICMP happens. That is, the process of the trace route, we apply it through the ICMP messages. Internet Control Message Protocol. You all know the trace route. We talked about it a lot. How can I know all the routers on the road from me to a specific target? I put, for example, IP address. For example, ibm.com. Or I put an address in Germany or an address in Britain. And I see all the routers. I hear their names and their IPs. All the routers on the road. How does this happen? It happens through the ICMP messages as follows. Source and series. That is, a set of UDP segments. Because ICMP cooperates with UDP. The trace route sends UDP segments to invalid port number. Okay. I am sending a specific device. I want ibm. I send ibm. But I put a port number that is not present on that server. Okay. I put an invalid port number at destination. And first, CTL. Time to leave. I put one. What will happen? These are the messages I am sending. And I send three probes. Not one. I will take the intermediate one later. For time. The message was sent. Since the TTL is one. Okay. Where will it reach? To this router. It returns. It became zero. Do you see how? It became zero. And the response returns to it. The response returns to it. From this router. In the second, I put what? Two. So it will reach the router. The next router. Okay. It started with two. It will become one. After this router, it will become one. And this router will become zero. The response returns to it. And that's it. And I put an unlikely port number. That is, the port number is not real or correct. Okay. When nth set of datagrams arrives to nth router. That is, the set of datagrams has reached a certain router. Whether this or that. Any one. What happens to any router? Router discards datagrams. Okay. We cancel it. And since source ICMP. When it reaches the router. According to what is present here. For example, one or two or three. What does it do? And since source ICMP message type 11 code zero. It sends type 11 code zero. What is type 11 code zero? Let's see. TTL expired. So, when TTL finishes. It will send to the source. To the one I sent. It will say TTL expired. So, this is what will happen here. At the first router. When TTL is one. It will return TTL expired. I told you. We will start the response. This is the response. At router two. TTL was two. So, here it becomes one. Here it becomes zero. Here it also becomes one one. It can be recharged years. And test the port on the router. We will be happy if STL commit you to us. Thank's for watching the episode. And enjoy trou الغرس. do what you love. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Goodbye all. I will talk soon. Bye. Bye. Bye. بتجيب للname of router والIP address لذلك هو حيتعرف على اسماء كل الRouters في الطريق والIP addresses تبعتهم طيب نكمل when ICMP messages arrives source records RTTs ok stopping criteria ايش حيصير هالكيف بدوقفها كيف بدوقف هذا بسجل في هذا قصده بسجل الزمن شو قلنا هو بجيب الزمن كمان بجيب الزمن للرسالة يعني هو جاب الاسماء الIP والاسماء الRouters والIP تعاتها وبسجل الزمن زي ما قلنا RTT اختصار لاش قلتوا أيوة round trip time شايف round trip time هو بسجل الزمن اللي راحت فيه ورجعت لذاك بنعرف الزمن لكل router وجربوا الامر حتى يصلوا لهذه النتيجة ok stopping criteria كيف بدوقف الان هو ماشي ماشي ماشي حيصل الى الهدف مش هو عنده address مثلا ibm.com او address مثلا .com او .net اي address طيب كيف بدوقف UDP segment eventually arrives at destination host لازم يصل في الاخر الى destination host وصل لها destination returns ICMP port unreachable لانه بتصل للجهاز الهدف حيرجع له رسالة من تايب 3 كود 3 تايب 3 كود 3 ايش حيقوله destination port unreachable ليه لان هو حاطط port غلط اصلا هو هذا مقصودة كانت اه مقصودة انه حط port number غير صحيح فدلك حيرجع له port number unreachable اللي هو message من تايب 3 كود 3 الحالة هذي source stops sending datagram او message هذي بتفهمه انه الان توقف عن الارسال اذا هذا برامج صغير نقوم بهذه العملية هذا البرنامج اسمه trace route هذا البرامج اسمه trace route موجود في الoperating system الجزئة الخاصة بالnetworks من خلاله بقدر اعرف كل الراوترات اللي على الطريق بالطريقة اللي شفناها ونهايته بتكون بهش بالرسالة انه port unreachable بتجيني من الهدف اللي وصلت له وبنهي على هيك الارسال وبكن حصلت على النتيجة ولازم انتوا تجربوه بانفسكم وتشوفو النتاج تمام هيك خلصنا هذا الدرس يعطيكم الفعل