Assalamu alaikum wa rahmatullahi wa barakatuhu. Bismillahirrahmanirrahim. We, guys, and girls of the last season, talked about RTP and RTSP. RTSP, I remind you, is a Real-Time Streaming Protocol. It is special. RTP, but there is a kind of control from any side. It asks the sender, that is, the client asks the receiver, what commands it has, such as pause, forward, and stop, that is, to deal with the video. And it gives the client the opportunity to use these commands. RTSP, on top of RTP, uses the TCP protocol, such as HTTP. It uses the TCP protocol. RTP, on top of RTP, uses the UDP protocol. This is about the previous section. Today, our topic is RTCP, which is a Real-Time Control Protocol. RTCP gives the client and the server an opportunity to make more controls. It gives them some reports and statistics about the lost packets, about the delay, about the jitter, about the change in the delay, so that they can make an orientation and make an adjustment to their sending. So it works in conjunction with RTP. It doesn't work by itself, it doesn't have a single value. It works in conjunction with RTP. Each participant in RTP session periodically sends RTCP control packets to all other participants. We are five or six groups in the network, and we interact with each other. Each person sends these data and reports to all others. Each RTP packet contains statistics useful to application. The application must make an adjustment. For example, the number of packets sent, the number of packets lost, the inter-arrival jitter, the change in the delay, and the feedback used to control performance. This feedback is taken by the other party, i.e. the server took it from the client or the client took it from the server, for example. What does it do? It modifies its transmission. It adjusts its transmission speed based on feedback. It depends on this feedback. Each RTP session, we talk about multiple multicast. RTP has multicast packets or multicast address, so it sends to more than one person at the same time, more than a target or more than a receiver. One sender and more receivers. In this case, we use multicast address. RTP RTCP packets are distinguished from each other, they have distinct port numbers. RTP and RTCP are distinguished from each other, because each one has a different port number. To limit the traffic, to determine this traffic, which is the RTCP traffic, the target of the control, it does not overhead on the RTP itself, which transmits the data. Do you know how? The control packets are not more than the data packets themselves. This is a well-known fact. Each participant reduces the RTCP traffic as the number of the conference participants increases. The more the number of participants increases, if we were two, we take a specific bandwidth for the RTCP control. Now we have three, now we have four. For each person, this bandwidth is reduced for the control packets. So we do not overhand on the network. This sender sends the RTP and sends the RTCP packets with it, which include the reports about the loss and delay. The same thing for the clients, they send RTCP packets. RTCP packets have lights. One of them is a receiver report packet and the other is a sender report packet. And there is a source description. For the receiver, it sends the fraction of packets lost, the last sequence number, the average inter-arrival jitter. This information is important to the other party. As for the sender, the sender, if you remember, in the RTCP, there was a field called Synchronization Source ID. It may not have been clear at that time. So if there were more than one sender, each sender would take a random number and give it to himself and register it here. Now, we have to this is the source or synchronization source ID which is sent by the RTCP stream. So each sender, each person who makes a stream has a Synchronization Source ID. It must be sent. It is sent in any packet and it is also sent in the RTCP. It is also sent in the RTCP so that it recognizes itself in this stream. And it sends the current time and the number of packets sent and the number of packets of bytes sent. That is, as a number of packets and as a number of bytes as well. As for the source description packets of this type, the concept of the name is a description of the source of the sender. It gives me the email address of the sender. It gives me the name of the sender. The Synchronization Source ID. Okay? And it also links the RTCP stream. That is, this RTCP stream gives it this number. Provide mapping between the Synchronization Source and the user name. So it knows that this number is for this stream or that stream. They all link each other and it gives me its email. So it gives me the full description of the sender. RTCP Stream Synchronization. RTCP can synchronize different media streams within RTCP session. It can be more than one session that we have. More than one stream, sorry, in the single session. It makes them synchronization and tracking, which is the RTCP Control Protocol. For example, in a video conferencing application, each sender generates one RTCP stream for video, one for all audio. So when I say in a conference, there is a stream for audio and a stream for video. The timestamps in RTCP are tied to the video. This timestamp is linked to the video as we saw before in RTCP. It depends on the sampling. So the video of the audio is a sampling clock. Each sample gives me a signal. Each sample gives me a signal. Not tied to the clock. It is not linked to the clock or the time of the device. It is not linked to the time of the computer. Each RTCP sender report packet contains for what does it contain? Each RTCP sender packet. For most recently generated packet. For the latest packet. The last packet was sent. The data packet from RTCP in association RTCP stream. In association RTCP stream. In this RTCP stream. It sends it the timestamp of RTCP packet. Okay? It depends on the samples. It sends it the whole clock time. It sends it the whole clock time. Okay? For when the packet was created. For the same packet. So for the same packet which is the last packet I sent, it gives me the timestamp. It depends on the samples. And it gives me the real device on the time of the packet. The whole clock time. Which is the time of the packet. So now I can do matching. I can do matching and link the two together. Receivers uses association. This link between the two. To synchronize the play out. It synchronizes the play out. And the audio and the video synchronize together and give the samples in the right time to it. Okay? As has been said and there are times that every letter must be the same in the same way and same consistency. Okay? That's why sometimes if there's a mistake in this work you'll notice when the receiver is speaking sometimes there's a hollow movement and the voice doesn't match what they're saying. سيكون هناك حصل خطأ في هذا الشهر طيب RTCP Bandwidth Scaling قلنا الbandwidth المعطى للRTCP محدود وبناش يعمل overhead على الRTCP نفسه اللي حامل للفيديو لذلك اعطي هو فقط 5% كل traffic تاع الRTCP الControl يجب ان لا يزيد عن 5% من الbandwidth المتاح فمثال لو كان عندي سندر يستخدم 2Mbps للفيديو الRTCP attempts to limit RTCP traffic to 100kbps مش هيزيد عن 5% هتطلع هنا 100kbps من الـ 2Mbps RTCP Gifts كيف نقسمهم المية 25% للسندر وللرسيفرز فين بيكونوا اكثر من واحد 75% للرسيفرز الـ 100kbps او القيمة كلها الbandwidth المعطية للControl يقسمها 75% للرسيفرز 25% للسندر الـ 75% تاعت الرسيفرز موزع على كل الرسيفرز لو كانوا 10 كلها هتطلعوا 7.5 كانوا 5 هنقول 75 على 15 15 فهو مقسمها على كل الرسيفرز اما السندر بتبقى الو كاملة الـ 25% Participant Determines RTCP Packet Transmission Period هنبدو يحكي عن انه كل قديش يرسل باكت المشارك اي واحد مشارك سواء سندر او رسيفر مشارك في الRTCP كل شوية بيرسل باكت كل قديش يرسل باكت انتو كيف يعني الزمن فالـ Participant Determines هذا الزمن الـ Period By Calculating the Average RTCP Packet Size حجم الباكت المتوسط على كل الزمن And Dividing by Allocated Rate وبكسمه على الـ Rate المتاح فعلى سبيل المثال لو كان متوسط حجم الباكت متوسط طول الباكت الـ RTCP 1 كيلوبيت يعني 1000 بيت تمام والـ Bandwidth المتاح للـ Receiver هو 10 كيلوبيت تمام فبنكسب 1 كيلوبيت على 10 كيلوبيت per second سكن هنطلع فوق اذا هي طلعت لكن القسم مش تعطيني 1 على 10 هي 0.1 يعني 0.1 1 من 10 بمعنى 100 ميلي سكند فهذا الـ Receiver المشارك في الـ RTCP كل 100 ميلي سكند سيرسل الباكت كل 100 ميلي سكند سيرسل الباكت في الحالة هذه سيكون شاغل الباندود كله لو عمل هكذا سيكون شاغل الباندود كله ولو زود الزمن قليلا سيكون هناك فراغ في الباندود المتاح تمام هكذا خلصنا الـ RTCP والدرس القادم سيكون عن الـ SIP بإذن الله أعطيكم العافية